my spirit is broken my days are
extinguished the grave is ready for me
are not mockers with me and does not my
ID well on their provocation now put
down a pledge for me with yourself who
is he who would shake hands with me for
you have hidden their heart from
understanding therefore you will not
exalt them he who speaks flattery to his
friends even the eyes of his children
will fail but he has made me a byword of
the people and I had become one in whose
face men spit my eye has also grown dim
because of sorrow and all my members are
like shadows upright men are astonished
at this and the innocence tears himself
up against the hypocrite yet the
righteous will hold to his way and he
who has clean hands would be stronger
and stronger but please come back again
all of you for I shall not find one wise
man among you my days oppressed my
purposes are broken off even the
thoughts of my heart
they changed the night in the day the
light is near they say in the face of
darkness if I wait for the grave as my
house if I make my bed in the darkness
if I say to corruption you are my father
and to the worm you are my mother and my
sister
where then is my hope is from I hope who
can see it will they go down to the
gates of Sheol shall we have rest
together in the dust
[Music]